# Personal Statement
From a young age, I discovered I had a niche for working with circuits and technology. Since second grade, teachers and friends have fondly referred to me as “that computer kid.” Teachers would seek me out to ask for assistance when their classroom technology was not working properly. By the time I was in fifth grade, programming became a passionate hobby for me. When I realized how easily I understood it, I thought I could apply this skill to countless applications. Now as a high school junior, I am recognized by my friends, family and school district for my unique skill set.

I was employed by the school district’s technology department as a student repair tech for the school computers and systems the summer of my freshman year.  It was during this time that I realized this was what I wanted to do for a career and I decided to set my path to achieve this goal. I enjoy working in the IT department because I am provided a lot of opportunities to improve my skill set from the staff.  Since working with them, I have received advanced certifications such as Google L1 and even mastered drone repairs. My work ethic and knowledge have proven me to be a valuable student asset to the department.

Working and learning remotely over the lockdown was really quite challenging for me. The most important thing I learned was the importance of people being in my life. It was definitely something that I took for granted.  I did not realize the value of conversations and the significance of friends, family and teachers until I was forced to go without them. I did use the time to work on myself and refine my skills. Once quarantining subsided and I was able to reconnect with my peers, many said I changed for the better.  That really resonated with me and inspired me to continue working hard. I feel I have a lot to still learn and want to explore my options as much as possible.
